 India floods: Dozens killed in Mumbai and Pune as walls collapse | Climate Crisis News | Al Jazeera 
 Skip links Skip to Content 
 play 
 Live 
 Sign up 
 Show navigation menu 
 Navigation menu News Show more news sections Africa 
 Asia 
 US & Canada 
 Latin America 
 Europe 
 Asia Pacific 
 Middle East 
 Explained 
 Sport 
 Opinion 
 Video 
 More Show more sections Features 
 Economy 
 Human Rights 
 Climate Crisis 
 Investigations 
 Interactives 
 In Pictures 
 Science & Technology 
 Podcasts 
 Travel 
 Sponsored Content 
 play 
 Live 
 Click here to search search 
 Sign up 
 News | Climate Crisis 
 India floods: Dozens killed in Mumbai and Pune as walls collapse
 Indian navy deploys teams for rescue and relief works in Mumbai amid heavy monsoon rains. 
 Save
 Share Death toll in heavy India rains rises to 27 on social media
 share-nodes Share
 facebook x whatsapp-stroke copylink 
 google Add Al Jazeera on Google info 
 play video play video 
 Video Duration 01 minutes 44 seconds play-arrow 01:44 
 By Reuters
 Published On 2 Jul 2019 2 Jul 2019 
 Heavy monsoon rains are causing wall collapses that have killed 27 people in western  India  even as bad weather continues to disrupt road, rail and air traffic in the financial capital Mumbai, prompting officials to shut schools and offices.
 During every monsoon season, which runs from June to September, India experiences fatal incidents of building and wall collapses as rainfall weakens the foundations of poorly-built structures.
 Heavy rain brought a wall crashing down early on Tuesday morning on shanties built on a hill slope in Malad, a western suburb of Mumbai, a fire brigade official said. Eighteen people were killed in the incident .
 {articleGUID}
 “Rescue work is still going on,” the official added. “So far we have rescued more than two dozen people.”
 Three people died when a school wall collapsed in the city of Kalyan, 42 kilometres north of Mumbai, late on Monday.
 In the nearby western city of Pune, six people were killed in a wall collapse early on Tuesday, a fire brigade official said, after a similar incident on Saturday claimed 15 lives.
 Mumbai is looking to turn itself into a global financial hub but large parts of the city struggle to cope with annual monsoon rains, as widespread construction and garbage-clogged drains and waterways make it increasingly vulnerable to chaos.
 More than 300mm of rain fell over 24 hours in some areas of Mumbai, flooding streets and railway tracks, forcing the suspension of some suburban trains, which millions of commuters ride to work each day.
 Advertisement 
 About 1,000 people stranded in low-lying areas of the city were rescued after a swollen river began to overflow, municipal authorities said.
 As weather officials forecast intermittent heavy showers and isolated extremely heavy rainfall, authorities called a holiday for government offices and educational institutions.
 “Rain is expected to remain intense even today,” city authorities said on Twitter. “We request you to stay indoors unless there’s an emergency.”
 The Indian navy has deployed various teams for rescue and relief works in Mumbai.
 Financial markets opened normally on Tuesday, though trading volumes were expected to be lower than usual. Many firms asked their employees to work from home.
 The main runway at Mumbai airport, India’s second-biggest, was closed from midnight after a SpiceJet flight overshot the runway while landing, an airport spokeswoman said.
 The secondary runway is operational, but 55 flights were diverted and another 52 were cancelled due to bad weather, she said.
 In 2005, floods had killed more than 500 people in Mumbai, the majority in shantytown slums home to more than half the city’s population.
 aj-logo 
 aj-logo 
 aj-logo 
 Advertisement 
 About
 About Show more About Us 
 Code of Ethics 
 Terms and Conditions 
 EU/EEA Regulatory Notice 
 Privacy Policy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Cookie Preferences 
 Accessibility Statement 
 Sitemap 
 Work for us 
 Connect
 Connect Show more Contact Us 
 User Accounts Help 
 Advertise with us 
 Stay Connected 
 Newsletters 
 Channel Finder 
 TV Schedule 
 Podcasts 
 Submit a Tip 
 Paid Partner Content 
 Our Channels
 Our Channels Show more Al Jazeera Arabic 
 Al Jazeera English 
 Al Jazeera Investigative Unit 
 Al Jazeera Mubasher 
 Al Jazeera Documentary 
 Al Jazeera Balkans 
 AJ+ 
 Our Network
 Our Network Show more Al Jazeera Centre for Studies 
 Al Jazeera Media Institute 
 Learn Arabic 
 Al Jazeera Centre for Public Liberties & Human Rights 
 Al Jazeera Forum 
 Al Jazeera Hotel Partners 
 Follow Al Jazeera English:
 facebook 
 twitter 
 youtube 
 instagram-colored-outline 
 rss 
 © 2026 Al Jazeera Media Network 
 