 
 Mumbai Rains: Knee-Deep Water Accumulates In Dadar Hindmata Due To Heavy Downpour; VIDEO Surfaces 
 Free Press Journal 
 e-Paper 
 Get App 
 Home 
 Mumbai News 
 FPJ Shorts 
 Entertainment Bollywood 
 Hollywood 
 Television 
 Regional Film News 
 Movie Reviews 
 Business Technology 
 Games 
 Features Weekend 
 Lifestyle 
 India 
 Sports SportVot 
 Viral 
 Education Study Abroad 
 Tech 
 -->
 Home Mumbai Mumbai Rains: Knee-Deep Water Accumulates In Dadar Hindmata Due To Heavy Downpour; VIDEO Surfaces 
 Mumbai Rains: Knee-Deep Water Accumulates In Dadar Hindmata Due To Heavy Downpour; VIDEO Surfaces
 Hindmata is among the low-lying areas in Mumbai and has the unwanted distinction of being among the first areas that witnesses waterlogging whenever it rains heavily. Several parts in Mumbai, especially South Mumbai and several Navi Mumbai areas witnessed heavy rainfall on Thursday accompanied by thunderstorms.
 Abhishek Yadav Updated: Friday, October 11, 2024, 12:08 AM IST
 Mumbai: Water-logging witnessed in Dadar's Hindmata junction | X | IANS | @MonuYadav8233
 Several parts of Mumbai witnessed moderate to heavy rainfall accompanied by thunderstorms on Thursday (October 10) evening. Though cases of water-logging were few and far between, heavy water-logging was reported in Dadar's Hindmata locality.
 The area witnessed knee-deep water accumulation due to the downpour. A video shared by news agency IANS showed people, including an elderly couple, holding each other's hand so as to safely make it through the collected water.
 A hawker and a bhelwala is seen pushing his cart and carrying the material on his head respectively in the video showing the hardships faced by people due to the sudden heavy downpour.
 A man is seen pushing his bike in the knee-deep water while a student wades through the flooded street. The video acts as a microcosm of what people in Mumbai have to go through when it pours in the city during the monsoon season.
 Let us know! 👂
What type of content would you like to see from us this year?
— HubSpot (@HubSpot) 
 This wasn't the only part in Hindmata where people faced difficulty. Another image shared on social media platform X showed water collected on the main road below the Dadar flyover. 
 Let us know! 👂
What type of content would you like to see from us this year?
— HubSpot (@HubSpot) 
 Two cars are seen in "deep waters", quite literally. That the main road was submerged in rainwater speaks volumes about the drainage system in the area. 
 Hindmata is among the low-lying areas in Mumbai and has the unwanted distinction of being among the first areas that witnesses waterlogging whenever it rains heavily. 
 Read Also
 Mumbai Rains: Heavy Downpour Accompanied By Thunderstorm Witnessed In City And Neighbouring...
 Several parts in Mumbai, especially South Mumbai and Navi Mumbai areas witnessed heavy rainfall on Thursday accompanied by thunderstorms. The IMD's regional center in its forecast said that Mumbai and the surrounding districts will witness moderate to heavy rainfall from October 9-14. 
 Published on: Thursday, October 10, 2024, 11:46 PM IST -->
 -->
 Follow us on 
 -->
 -->
 ADVERTISEMENT
 -->
 -->
 -->
 RECENT STORIES
 -->
 -->
 Add FPJ As a 
 Trusted Source 
 -->
 Free Press Journal 
 Analysis 
 City News 
 Mumbai News 
 Indore News 
 Bhopal News 
 Delhi News 
 Education 
 Entertainment News 
 Bollywood News 
 Hollywood News 
 Movie Reviews 
 Movie Trailers 
 Regional Film News 
 Television News 
 BrandSutra 
 Corporate Gallery 
 FPJ initiative 
 Horoscope 
 Legal 
 Science 
 Spirituality 
 Sports 
 Cricket News 
 Footall 
 Lifestyle 
 Health 
 Travel 
 Food 
 Top News 
 Photo Gallery 
 Tech News 
 Videos 
 Viral News 
 Weekend News 
 Press Release 
 About Us 
 Editorial Policy 
 Careers 
 Disclaimer 
 Privacy Policy 
 Contact Us 
 Advertise With Us 
 RSS 
 Authors 
 © The Free Press Journal
 