 
 India: 15 killed as wall collapses in Mumbai 
 DUBAI 40°C 
 GOLD/FOREX 
 PRAYER TIMES 
 NEWSLETTERS EPAPER 
 GOLD/FOREX 
 DUBAI 40°C 
 PRAYER TIMES 
 ASIA
 ASIA
 INDIA 
 PAKISTAN 
 PHILIPPINES 
 World / 
 Asia / 
 India 
 India: 15 killed as wall collapses in Mumbai
 69 injured as structure falls in slum settlement of India's financial capital
 Last updated: July 02, 2019 | 08:38 
 AFP 
 2 MIN READ Add as a preferred source on Google
 Police personnel stand among the debris after a wall collapsed on hutments due to heavy rains in Mumbai, India July 2, 2019. Reuters 
 Also In This Package
 Mumbai rain: 4 killed, traffic hit for fourth day
 Heavy rains batter Mumbai, disrupting air, rail traffic
 Mumbai: At least 15 people were killed in India's financial capital of Mumbai early Tuesday when a wall collapsed during torrential monsoon downpours, according to an official.
 Another 69 were injured when the structure came down around 2am (12.30am UAE) in a slum settlement, Tanaji Kamble, a disaster management spokesman for Mumbai's local authority, told AFP.
 Mumbai is looking to turn itself into a global financial hub but large parts of the city struggle to cope with annual monsoon rains, as widespread construction and garbage-clogged drains and waterways make it increasingly vulnerable to chaos.
 The rain brought the wall crashing down on shanties built on a hill slope in Malad, a western suburb, a fire brigade official said.
 “Rescue work is still going on,” the official added. “So far we have rescued more than a dozen people.”
 More than 300mm of rain fell over 24 hours in some areas, flooding streets and railway tracks, forcing the suspension of some suburban train services, which millions of commuters ride to work each day.
 As weather officials forecast intermittent heavy showers and isolated extremely heavy rainfall, municipal authorities said the state government had called a public holiday.
 “Rain is expected to remain intense even today,” they said on social network Twitter. “We request you to stay indoors unless there’s an emergency.” Flights from Mumbai airport, India’s second biggest, were also delayed after a SpiceJet flight overshot the runway while landing, an airport spokeswoman said.
 In the nearby western city of Pune, six people were killed in a similar wall collapse, a fire brigade official said, in the wake of a collapse on Saturday that killed 15.
 During every monsoon season, which runs from June to September, India experiences fatal incidents of building and wall collapses as rainfall weakens the foundations of poorly-built structures.
 In 2005, floods killed more than 500 people in Mumbai, the majority in shantytown slums home to more than half the city’s population.
 Get Updates on Topics You Choose 
 Daily Updates Finance Business Weekend Sport Ask Gulf News Luxury Travel Editor's Message 
 By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use .
 GET UPDATES 
 Up Next 
 Related Stories
 8 Tamil Nadu engineering students die in Kerala crash
 2h ago 2 m read 
 Hanuman Ansh earns 4,000% profit, outpaces hits
 3 m read 
 Pregnant woman detained. Here’s what police did next
 2 m read 
 Kerala woman found dead after UK student visa rejected
 2 m read 
 Go back to top
 Network links: GN Store 
 About Gulf News Terms & Conditions Reach by GN Sitemap Contact us Privacy Policy GN Focus Have your say Work with us Advertise with us Gulf News epaper Printing Services 
 Find us on social
 Download our app
 © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2026. All rights reserved.
