 
 Mumbai Rains Live Updates: Airport's main runway likely to be operational by Thursday - India TV News 
 Welcome User! 
 Sign In / Register
 Sign Out
 Dark Mode 
 Videos 
 Aap Ki Adalat 
 Aaj Ki Baat 
 Originals 
 India 
 Maharashtra 
 Karnataka 
 Uttar Pradesh 
 Delhi 
 Bihar 
 Madhya Pradesh 
 Rajasthan 
 Haryana 
 Chhattisgarh 
 Gujarat 
 West Bengal 
 Jammu & Kashmir 
 Telangana 
 Tamil Nadu 
 North East 
 Photos 
 Video 
 Entertainment 
 Bollywood 
 TV 
 OTT 
 Reviews 
 Regional 
 Hollywood 
 Korean 
 Photos 
 Sports 
 Cricket 
 Football 
 Tennis 
 Photos 
 Photos 
 India 
 Sports 
 Entertainment 
 World 
 Fashion 
 Lifestyle 
 Lifestyle 
 Food 
 Travel 
 Beauty 
 Photos 
 Spirituality 
 Events 
 Education 
 Higher Studies 
 Career 
 Results 
 Jobs 
 Technology 
 Gadgets 
 Reviews 
 Business 
 markets 
 Personal Finance 
 Income Tax 
 World 
 Astrology 
 Health 
 Live Cricket Score 
 LiveTV 
 Science 
 Auto 
 Brand Content 
 Pincode 
 Topic 
 Elections 
 Trending 
 Fact-check 
 Explainers 
 Crime 
 Home 
 Videos 
 India 
 World 
 Sports 
 Entertainment 
 Tech 
 Photos 
 Lifestyle 
 Health 
 Business 
 Explainer 
 Advertisement 
 Home
 India 
 Mumbai Rains Live Updates: Airport's main runway likely to be operational by Thursday
 Mumbai Rains Live Updates: Airport's main runway likely to be operational by Thursday
 Written by: India TV News Desk 
 Published: Jul 02, 2019, 06:24 AM IST ,Updated: Jul 02, 2019, 07:15 PM IST 
 Mumbai Rains Live Updates: Malad wall collapse has claimed 18 lives so far. The injured are being treated in hospital. Rains have lashed Mumbai and Thane District. Heavy waterlogging has occurred in Sion, Matunga and other low-lying areas. Train and air services have been affected. Water has entered the main runway of the Mumbai international airport.
 Mumbai Rains Updates: Heavy rain has lashed Mumbai and its neighbouring areas - the downpur entering its fifth day today.
 Image Source : AP 
 New Delhi: Mumbai Rains Live Updates and Malad wall collapse: Mumbai woke up to another as a wall collapsed in the western suburb of Malad. 18 people have been declared dead by now in the Malad wall collapse. In Pune, a wall of a college caved in leaving 6 people dead. Meanwhile, the Mumbai International Airport has been closed as water entered the main runaway. Water also entered Matoshree (Bandra), home to Thackerays. Mumbai local train services on CST-Central line, Harbour line, Western Line were closed due to waterlogging on railway tracks. Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis has declared a public holiday as authorities advised people to stay indoors.  
 Stay with our Mumbai Rains Live Updates as we will bring you the latest traffic diversion, information on Mumbai Local Trains and international flights coming in and out of Mumbai.  
 7:11 pm - Mumbai airport main runway likely to be operational by Thursday 
 The main runway of the Mumbai airport is likely to remain closed for flight operations till Thursday as it will take more time to remove the SpiceJet plane that was stuck partially on the runway on Monday, according to officials.
 5:48 pm - 21 dead and 78 injured in the incident where a wall collapsed on hutments in Pimpripada area, due to heavy rainfall .
 4:52 pm - To provide some kind of relief for commuters, GoAir is accommodating impacted customers on alternate GoAir flights within 24 hours (3rd July) subject to availability.  
 4:07 pm - 6 pumping stations of MCGM pumped out more than 14000 Million litres of water and discharged it into the sea which is more than combined capacity of TULSI and VIHAR Lake. 
 3:51 pm - Rescue op underway in Malad East where 19 people died after a wall collapsed on hutments in Pimpripada area. 
 2:28 pm - Mumbai rains: "It's raining heavily kya? Kurla must be flooded already" 
 No Mumbaikar is alien to the words above. Whenever it rains heavily, it's almost a given that Kurla will be the place you would want to avoid. Roads and railway tracks in Kurla get submerged in a jiffy. What makes matters worse is Kurla is junction for Central and Harbour railway lines.
 Watch | Mumbai rains: Heavy waterlogging on railway tracks at Kurla station
 2:24 pm - Mumbai floods: In pictures 
 Well there's nothing to be proud of for financial capital of the country that gets watterlogged each year whenever it rains heavily. Here's a look at what has happened so far in the city of dreams due to floods.
 Read |  Mumbai Rains: Photos show how maximum city has come to a halt 
 2:22 pm -  Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray's residence Matoshree, falls in Bandra. The upmarket suburb often gets waterlogged whenever heavy rains lash the city. Watch the video below to know what's the situation in Bandra, which is often called 'Queen of the suburbs'
 Watch | Mumbai rains: Waterlogged streets of Bandra, following heavy rainfall 
 2:17 pm - Western Railways releases more information on change in routes of long-distance trains 
 1) 12931 Mumbai Central- Ahmedabab AC double decker train will run from Valsad. The train was scheduled to leave on Jully 2. Time of departure is unchanged
 2) 12933 Mumbai Central-Ahmedabad Karnavati Express will run from Valsad. Date and time of departure is unchanged.
 2:00 pm - Mumbai Rains: Probe ordered into Malad wall collapse 
 Maharashtra Government has ordered a high-level probe into Malad wall collapse. The mishap has claimed 18 lives so far.
 1:16 pm - Mumbai Rains:   BMC tweets traffic update 
 Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has tweeted a traffic update in which it has described diversions in BEST bus routes. Following routes have been diverted.
 1) Sion Road no 2 diverted via Sion road no 3
 2) Gandhi Market via Bhau Daji Road and Sulochana Shetty road
 3) National College Bandra via Hinduja Link Road
 4)  Samaj Mandir hall via Jay Shankar Yagnik Marg
 5) RCF Colony via Vashi Naka, Eastern Free Way
 6) Sainath road via Chincholi Bunder Road
 7) Shell Colony, Sahakar Nagar via Umershi Bappa road
 8) Naik Nagar via Channaya road, Sant Kabir road
 9) Antop Hill Sector 7 curtailed at Antop Hill BUs stand
 10) Maratha Colony WEH via Vakola flyover
 11) Gulmohar road via Vaikuntlal Mehta road
 12) Milan Subway via Milan flyover
 13) Sunder Vihar Pratiksha Nagar via Kokari Agar
 1:04 pm - Mumbai Rains: Opposition lashes out at Sena-BJP, demands an apology                 
 12:59 pm - Mumbai Rains: These trains have been cancelled by Central Railways 
 22119 Mumbai-Karmali Tejas Express 
12051 Dadar-Madgaon Janshatabdi Express 
 12:54 pm -  A 150 m length of ramp is being prepared to push the Spice Jet aircraft out of the grassy area. Air India's disabled aircraft recovery kit has been mobilised. SpiceJet SG 6237 had overshot Mumbai airport this morning.
 12:47 pm - Mumbai Rains: Thane Municipal Corporation runs extra buses 
                     Thane Municipal Corporation (TMC) is running extra buses in light of disruption of local train network of Mumbai. The extra buses are ferrying passengers til Mulund Check Naka, the entry point of Mumbai from Thane.
 12:41 pm: Mumbai Rains: Two people die inside a car in flooded Malad subway. 
 Two persons lost their lives after they were stuck inside a car at Malad subway. The subway was flooded at the time of this incident. The incident took place last night.
 12:18 pm: Andheri subway has been closed due to water logging 
                  Heavy flooding has taken place at Andheri subway as a result of which, it has been closed for traffic. Andheri is a western suburb of Mumbai.
 12:14 pm: Western Railways modifies long-distance train schedule due to waterlogging 
                   22474 Bikaner- Bandra Terminus train has been short terminated at Navsari and will be reversed from Navsari as 22474 at 1740 hours on July 2.
                    59045 Bandra-Vapi train due to leave on July 2 has been cancelled.
                    69165 Panvel-Vasai Road train due to leave on Juy 2 has been cancelled  
 11:44 am - We will monitor the situation, we are prepared: Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis 
                   CM Fadnavis assured people that BMC and state authorities are working tirelessly to ensure that the situation is contained.
 11:28 am -  Water enters NCP spokesperperson Nawab Malik's house 
                     From common man to political leaders, everyone is facing wrath of Mumbai rains. NCP spokesperson Nawab Malik has his hands full as his water has entered his house as well. Nawab Malik's house is in Kurla, the area which always gets waterlogged each rainy season.
 Nawab Malik house 
 Nawab Malik's house has got flooded 
 11:16 am - Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis visits BMC headquarters to review situation 
                   CM Devendra Fadnavis visited BMC headquarters to review the situation after heavy rains this morning.
 Mumbai Rains: Main runway at Mumbai International airport shut 
 10.58 am : In news just coming in, services at the Mumbai International Airport have been shut as a precautionary measure. Several flights have rescheduled or cancelled because of the Mumbai weather.  Areas most affected by rains in Mumbai are Sion, Malad, Bandra, Andheri West, Kurla, King's Circle, Lower Parel, Matunga, Thane, Vakola and Palghar . 
 Also Read: Mumbai Rains: List of flights delayed, cancelled due to heavy downpour 
 10.33 am: Mumbai rains: Massive water logging outside Sion Station 
                 Sion is low lying area that faces waterlogging each year in rainy season. Even today, massive waterlogging has occurred outside Sion police station.
 10:20 am - Water enters Matoshree, residence of Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray 
 10:17 am -  Heavy rains have disrupted air traffic in Mumbai 
 9:34 am- High tide expected at 11:52 am today 
                A high  tide of 4.59 metres is expected at 11.52 am today. Tides of the Arabian Sea have a major effect on Mumbai's drainage system.   In case of a high tide, the drainage system removes water from the city at a lower rate.
 9:23 am - Indian Navy comes ahead for aid and rescue operations 
                 Indian Navy has deployed its men and resources to assist local authorities in aid and rescue operations. Indian armed forces have always come ahead for citizens during natural disasters.
 Sailors of Indian Navy deploying their resources for aid and rescue work in Mumbai 
 8:57 am - IMD predicts intense spells of rains are likely to continue  
                   India Meteorological Department (IMD) has predicted 'intense' spells of rain in Mumbai and surrounding areas for the next two hours.
 8: 52 am - Rains affect road traffic 
                   Heavy rains have affected road traffic in Mumbai. There's traffic jam on Western Express Highway
 8:48 am - Water recedes to some extent in Nallasopara 
                  Western Railways has said that water in Nallasopara is receding and that train services from Vasai to Virar have resumed
 8:31 am - BMC tweets information about water logging in Mumbai 
                   Areas like Vakola junction, Vakola, Postal Colony, Chunabhatti railway station, Vakola road are waterlogged.
 8:27 am -  IMD's Deputy Director General of Meteorlogy K S Hosalikar tweeted this satellite image from his personal twitter account
 8:03 am - Only emergency services will remain functional in Mumbai, says state government 
                   Maharashtra Government has said that only emergency services will remain functional in Mumbai on Tuesday. The step has been taken in view of heavy rains lashing the city and surrounding areas.
                  “The heavy rainfall has submerged the roads and rail tracks. Based on further inputs from other agencies, we have taken the decision to keep emergency services operational. We have appealed to the people not to venture out in this situation,” Brijesh Singh, official spokesperson of the state government was quoted by PTI as saying.
 8:00 am - Waterlogging at Nallsopara on western railway line, several trains short terminated 
 7:54 am - Flights diverted from Mumbai due to heavy rains 
                 Due to heavy rains in Mumbai, 54 flights have been diverted from Mumbai to nearby airports.
 7:35 am - Railway Protection Force offers tea to stranded passengers at Thane station 
 7:15 AM - Maharashtra CMO has advised people to stay indoors and venture out only in case of emergency.
 7:04 am - Tough day ahead for Mumbaikars, major sections of suburban train network not working 
                 It seems that Mumbaikars are in for another absolutely harrowing day as large sections of suburban train network are not working. Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has tweeted latest status of the local train network.
 7:00 am - Pained to know about the loss, saya Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis 
 Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis has expressed grief over the mishap in Malad. He has announced monetary compensation of Rs 5 lakh to family of those killed in the tragedy.
 6:55 am : On June 29,  a wall had collapsed in Chembur in Mumbai. There were no casualties reported. The wall had collapsed on auto rickshaw stand.
   6:19 am - 16 dead in Mumbai wall collapse. 13 are injured. Many feared trapped under the debris. National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) is trying to rescue those who are trapped under the debris.
 Read all the Breaking News Live on indiatvnews.com and Get Latest English News & Updates from India 
 Mumbai Rains 
 Mumbai 
 Maharashtra 
 Monsoon 
 Follow IndiaTV on WhatsApp 
 Advertisement 
 Advertisement 
 More From India 
 Bengaluru woman kidnapped, assaulted, forced to strip and filmed over unpaid loan; three arrested
 Chirag Paswan's LJP distances itself from influencer Swatantra Bhardwaj, seeks FIR over false claim
 Eight engineering students killed as car rams into parked lorry in Kerala's Thrissur
 Bomb scare at Kolkata airport after note found on Gorakhpur-bound flight, passengers evacuated 
 Good news for 85,000 Punjab govt employees, DA set to rise from 42 pc to 60 per cent
 Top News
 Explosions in Iran's Kharg Island after US strikes oil tanker
 Nepal faces fresh calamity fears after landslide in Darchula as flash flood deaths top 1300
 Mohanlal's Operation Ganga announced, Arjun Rampal and Adil Hussain join the cast | Deets inside
 Keyaa Banerji issues statement on being subjected to online harassment after silver medal victory
 Advertisement 
 Advertisement 
 About India TV
 Contact Us 
 About Us 
 Advertise 
 Complaint Redressal 
 In the Press 
 Investors Column 
 Hindi News 
 Live TV 
 Authors 
 Web Stories 
 Utilities
 Weather Forecast 
 India Pincode 
 Popular Categories
 India 
 World News 
 Photos 
 Videos 
 Entertainment News 
 Sports News 
 Tech News 
 Explainers 
 Business News 
 Health News 
 Trending on India TV
 State News
 Bihar News 
 Delhi News 
 Haryana News 
 Jharkhand News 
 MP News 
 North-East News 
 Tamil Nadu News 
 UP News 
 Chhattisgarh News 
 Gujarat News 
 J&K News 
 Karnataka News 
 Maharashtra News 
 Rajasthan News 
 Telangana News 
 West Bengal News 
 Follow Us On
 Download IndiaTV App
 Download VETO OTT App
 © 2009-2026 Independent News Service. All rights reserved.
 Site Map 
 Terms Of Use 
 Privacy Policy 
 CSR Policy 
 RIO 
 RSS 
 \ 
