 Mumbai Rains: 27 Dead As Walls Collapse At Three Places; City Comes To Virtual Halt | Outlook India 
 Subscribe Delivery Within India Delivery Outside India 
 Subscribe Delivery Within India Delivery Outside India 
 BUSINESS 
 MONEY 
 TRAVELLER 
 EATS 
 RESPAWN 
 LUXE 
 BUSINESS 
 MONEY 
 TRAVELLER 
 EATS 
 RESPAWN 
 LUXE 
 ✕ 
 ✕ 
 National 
 International 
 Magazine 
 Book Reviews 
 Weekender 
 Sports ▾ 
 Cricket 
 Football 
 Badminton 
 Tennis 
 Entertainment 
 Elections 
 Others ▾ 
 The India Drive 
 Web Stories 
 Brand Studio 
 Sohini Sastri Astro 
 N.E.W.S. 
 NexaPost 
 Hub4Business 
 Tourism Spotlight 
 Healthcare Spotlight 
 Entertainment Spotlight 
 OLB Spotlight Initiatives 
 ABOUT US 
 CONTACT US 
 COPYRIGHT & DISCLAIMER 
 Subscription 
 Buy Latest Issue 
 follow us
 Home 
 National 
 India news mumbai rains 12 killed as wall collapses due to overnight downpour public holiday declared news 
 Mumbai Rains: 27 Dead As Walls Collapse At Three Places; City Comes To Virtual Halt
 O Outlook Web Bureau 
 Updated on: 18 January 2024 9:57 am Published at: 2 July 2019 5:12 pm 
 Authorities have declared Tuesday as a public holiday in Mumbai as the Indian Meteorological Department has forecasts heavy rains.
 Prefer on Google 
 O Outlook Web Bureau 
 Updated on: 18 January 2024 9:57 am Published at: 2 July 2019 5:12 pm 
 Mumbai Rains: 27 Dead As Walls Collapse At Three Places; City Comes To Virtual Halt 
 At least 27 people have died in three separate cases -- two in Mumbai, another in Pune -- of wall collapse after record rainfall left the maximum city and adjoining areas paralysed on Tuesday.
 Eighteen people were killed and over 50 injured when a wall collapses in Mumbai's \northern suburb of Malad early Tuesday following heavy rains.
 In Pune, six labourers were killed and three injured after a wall collapsed in Ambegaon area late Monday night. A wall collapse in Kalyan in Thane district early Tuesday killed three people, officials said.
 Most roads were clogged and local train services, the lifeline of the financial capital, virtually came to a standstill.
 Flight operations at Mumbai's Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport were also hit severely due to heavy rains and a SpiceJet aircraft blocking a runway after overshooting it shortly before midnight.
 The Maharashtra government declared a precautionary public holiday on Tuesday in Mumbai, with Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis requesting people to stay indoors unless they have absolutely important work outside.
 The BrihanMumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) declared a holiday for all schools and colleges, and the state government expanded it to include other parts of coastal Konkan region.
 Mumbai received 375 mm of rainfall on Monday, making it the maximum July downpour that the city has seen over a 24-hour period, breaking the record of 1974.
 Related Content
 Sandra Bullock Has Hopes For Practical Magic 3
 Ajit Agarkar-Led Selection Committee’s ‘Desperation Move’ To Pick Full-Strength Squad A Mistake, Says Kris Srikkanth
 Uruguay Preliminary Squad Vs India: Diego Forlan Names Strong 46-Man List - Check Who's In
 US Open 2026: Carlos Alcaraz Repels Wu Yibing Challenge To Storm Into Fourth Round
 Altogether 54 flights were diverted and 52 cancelled at Mumbai's Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport due to inclement weather.
 A SpiceJet flight from Jaipur skid and overshot the main runway while landing at the Mumbai airport amid heavy rains on Monday, although none of the passengers were hurt in the incident, an airline spokesperson said.
 A wall collapsed on hutments in Pimpripada area of Malad East due to heavy rainfall. A senior NDRF official told reporters at the site that his team searched the debris with advanced equipment and also by canine search for bodies.
 The official said that around 2 am, a compound wall in Pimpripada collapsed, trapping people living in shanties adjacent to the wall.
 "Our team of National Disaster Response Force along with sniffer dog reached the site of the incident immediately after receiving the information. Besides, a team of fire brigade and local police also reached the spot and took control of the situation," a senior NDRF official said.
 The injured were taken to Jogeshwari Trauma Hospital and Kandivali-based Shatabdi Hospital, a civic official said.
 In the incident in Kalyan, the wall of an Urdu school behind Durgai Fort collapsed around 1 am, killing three people in the hutments adjacent.
 Heavy rains also saw a joint evacuation operation in suburban Kurla with the NDRF, Navy and fire brigade shifting some 1,000 people to temporary shelters, a Navy official said.
 A Navy team encountered extreme waterlogging and abandoned vehicles, preventing their own vehicles from reaching the site, the official added.
 The team moved on foot, carrying safety gear like lifebuoys and lifejackets and was able to help elderly women and children to safer areas.
 Authorities have declared Tuesday as a public holiday in Mumbai as the Indian Meteorological Department has forecast heavy rains.
 "In the wake of the extreme heavy rainfall forecast by the IMD, the Government of Maharashtra has declared a public holiday on July 2 as a precautionary measure for Mumbai city and its citizens," a civic official said.
 Students, who were supposed to come to Mumbai on Tuesday for their documents verification for the undergraduate admission in MBBS, BDS and BAMS courses, have now been given the date of July 5, for the same procedure, CET Commissioner Anand Rayate said.
 The Mumbai University has also postponed the exam of B.Sc Computer Science for first and second year students due to heavy rains, an official said.
 The Central Railway has also decided to run local trains in limited corridors due to water logging on the railway tracks.
 "Trains will run in CSMT-Andheri-Goregaon section in harbour line. Vashi to Panvel in harbour line. Thane to Vashi and Panvel in trans harbour line. CSMT to Thane Karjat and Khopoli sections," a CR official said.
 He said CR personnel, with the help of RPF jawans, rescued thousands of passengers stranded in midnight local trains and served them tea, biscuits and other edible items at stations.
 A senior official of the Western Railway said its suburban services are running between Churchgate and Virar even if the frequency was less.
 "Frequency may be less between Vasai Road and Virar due to receipt of outstation trains," he said.
 Suburban local train service is also badly affected as low lying areas were submerged. The signalling system became dysfunctional, forcing railway administration to suspend local as well as long-distance train movement, said an official from Central Railways.
 Over long-distance trains of the central and western railways were either cancelled or terminated ahead of final destination due to heavy rainfall, the official said.
 Power utility companies have also suspended the supply in some suburban areas of Mumbai as a precautionary measure.
 The heavy downpour also forced Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis to cancel his scheduled groundbreaking function of the construction of a new building for MLAs.
 The Meteorological Department has warned of "extremely heavy" rainfall in adjoining areas of Thane and Palghar on July 2, 4 and 5. A few places in Mumbai could get heavy to very heavy rainfall Monday and Tuesday, it added.
 Private weather agency Skymet said Mumbai is at "serious risk of flooding" between July 3 and 5. "Close to 200 mm or more rain per day is likely during this period, which could hamper normal life," it said.
 (With inputs from agencies) 
 Read all the latest breaking news on Outlook India and stay updated with top stories from India , Entertainment , Education , and around the world .
 Tags
 Weather: Rains 
 Click/Scan to Subscribe
 Previous Story 
 Air India Phuket-Delhi Flight: Pilot Tests ‘Non-negative’ For Psychoactive Substance, AAIB Flags Concern
 Next Story Ganga Breaches Highest Flood Mark At Patna's Gandhi Ghat Amid Heavy Rainfall
   Close Ad   
 Add as a preferred source on Google 
 RELATED STORIES
 Ganga Breaches Highest Flood Mark At Patna's Gandhi Ghat Amid Heavy Rainfall
 Saharanpur Mosque Razed: Iqra Hasan Under House Arrest? Akhilesh Yadav Posts Cryptic Message
 Rahul Gandhi To Expand “Chhatron Ki Goonj” Campaign, Set To Hold 28 Events In First Phase
 On Teachers’ Day, PM Modi Flags Students’ Screen Time, Drug Use And Urges Teacher Vigilance
 Advertisement
 More From the author
 KidZania India, Magic Bus Launch Greeting Card-Making Activity For Children In Mumbai, Delhi NCR
 Grief And Anger In Iran As Schoolgirls Buried After Alleged US–Israeli Strike
 Radical Love: Exploring Many Faces of Modern Relationships
 India–EU Free Trade Pact: Opening Duty-Free Access for Indian Exports, Expanding Strategic Ties
 Jharkhand Set To Showcase Living Megalithic Tradition at World Economic Forum, Davos
 Advertisement
 Watch
 WATCH | 80-Year-Old War Hero Walks 50km to Offer Service Again After Pahalgam Attack
 Video | Ground Report: Evictions in Assam Ahead of Polls | Voices from Kamrup
 Video | Liberation Or Violation? The Legal & Moral Questions Behind The US-Israel Strike On Iran
 Video | ‘Fight for Justice Is Not Yet Over’ | Epstein Survivor Marina Lacerda Speaks to Outlook
 Advertisement
 Photos
 US Open 2026: Carlos Alcaraz Repels Wu Yibing Challenge To Storm Into Fourth Round
 US Open 2026: Aryna Sabalenka Cruises Past Kamilla Rakhimova To Extend Winning Streak
 In Photos | Remembering Mother Teresa on Her Death Anniversary And A Life Dedicated To Service
 Day In Pics: September 04, 2026
 Advertisement
 ×
 Latest Sports News
 BCCI On Its Own? IOA Draws The Line Over Cricketers’ Asian Games Accommodation
 Why Were Rizwan, Imam And Agha Axed? PCB’s Decision Has A New Twist
 Suresh Raina Slams IPL Impact Player Rule, Says Fit Players Just Bat And Sit
 Women's Asia Cup 2026: Pakistan Opener Ayesha Zafar Downplays India Clash as Just Another Game Ahead of Dubai Showdown
 Trending Stories
 Raghav Chadha’s Name Missing From Punjab Draft Roll: How SIR Deletions Work
 Day In Pics: September 04, 2026
 Punjab SIR Row: After Raghav Chadha, Congress MP Dharamvira Gandhi's Name Missing From Draft Roll
 What Is Vidya Bharati Mission? Why Suvendu Adhikari Wants Over 1,000 RSS Schools In Bengal
 Latest Stories
 UN Backs Africa’s Push To ‘Correct The Map’, Urges Use Of More Accurate World Map
 HBO's Harry Potter Series Confirms Season 2 Casting For Tom Riddle, Ginny Weasley and Dobby
 Mirzapur The Movie Box Office Day 1: Pankaj Tripathi Film Opens To ₹25 Crore
 Richard O'Sullivan Dies At 82: Man About The House Star And British TV Icon Remembered
 Accounts
 Subscription 
 Buy Latest Issue 
 We care about your data in our privacy policy .
 SUBSCRIBE / BUY LATEST ISSUE 
 Copyright © 2026 Outlook Publishing India Pvt. Ltd.
 About Us Contact Us Copyright & Disclaimer Compliance Extract of Annual Return Extract of Form 5A 
 Copyright © 2026 Outlook Publishing India Pvt. Ltd.
 