 Cloudburst In Kullu, Mumbai Waterlogged: 5 States Facing The Wrath Of Monsoons | Outlook India 
 Subscribe Delivery Within India Delivery Outside India 
 Subscribe Delivery Within India Delivery Outside India 
 BUSINESS 
 MONEY 
 TRAVELLER 
 EATS 
 RESPAWN 
 LUXE 
 BUSINESS 
 MONEY 
 TRAVELLER 
 EATS 
 RESPAWN 
 LUXE 
 ✕ 
 ✕ 
 National 
 International 
 Magazine 
 Book Reviews 
 Weekender 
 Sports ▾ 
 Cricket 
 Football 
 Badminton 
 Tennis 
 Entertainment 
 Elections 
 Others ▾ 
 The India Drive 
 Web Stories 
 Brand Studio 
 Sohini Sastri Astro 
 N.E.W.S. 
 NexaPost 
 Hub4Business 
 Tourism Spotlight 
 Healthcare Spotlight 
 Entertainment Spotlight 
 OLB Spotlight Initiatives 
 ABOUT US 
 CONTACT US 
 COPYRIGHT & DISCLAIMER 
 Subscription 
 Buy Latest Issue 
 follow us
 Home 
 National 
 Cloudburst in kullu mumbai waterlogged 5 states facing the wrath of monsoons news 
 Cloudburst In Kullu, Mumbai Waterlogged: 5 States Facing The Wrath Of Monsoons
 O Outlook News Desk 
 Updated on: 18 January 2024 10:42 am Published at: 6 July 2022 10:46 am 
 While monsoons have brought respite from the heat, several states are facing the wrath of rains in the form of waterlogging, landslides, traffic congestion and natural disasters driven by inclement weather.
 Prefer on Google 
 O Outlook News Desk 
 Updated on: 18 January 2024 10:42 am Published at: 6 July 2022 10:46 am 
 A BMC official directs traffic on a waterlogged Mumbai road 
 After the sweltering heatwave, the monsoons have finally hit parts of northwestern and eastern India. However, rains have not only brought respite from soaring temperatures but brought with it new problems - waterlogging in cities, delay in trains and natural disasters driven by inclement weather are being reported in several states. Here are some states that are seeing adverse effects of monsoon:
 Cloudburst, Flash Floods in Himachal
 Flash flood deaths: The monsoons fury was felt heavily in the mountains of Himachal Pradesh where at least seven people are feared dead in separate incidents triggered by heavy rains and flash floods in Kullu district on Wednesday. At Manikaran in the district, at least four people have been feared washed away. Besides three persons are feared drowned in separate parts of Kullu district amid heavy rains. 
 Missing after cloudburst:  Though rescue teams were rushed, many have been stuck midway due to landslides. Four to six people have been missing following the cloud burst at Chojh village in Challal panchayat at around 6 am. Over 25 employees working at the Malana power project in the district were rescued from a building that was damaged by flash floods. Kullu Superintendent of Police Gurdev Sharma said the bridge across Parvati River was also damaged in the cloudburst at Chojh.
 Flood warning: The floodgates of Larje and Pandoh dams are being opened and the people living in downstream areas have been put on a high alert.
 Related Content
 What Is Iran’s Pickaxe Mountain? The Underground Site Trump Has Threatened To Strike Again
 Sandra Bullock Has Hopes For Practical Magic 3
 Ajit Agarkar-Led Selection Committee’s ‘Desperation Move’ To Pick Full-Strength Squad A Mistake, Says Kris Srikkanth
 Uruguay Preliminary Squad Vs India: Diego Forlan Names Strong 46-Man List - Check Who's In
 Landslides in Maharashtra, Mumbai Waterlogged
 Several parts of Maharashtra have been witnessing heavy rainfall since July 4. In many parts, rivers have been flowing near the danger mark and inundating low-lying areas.
 Rain alert:   The India Meteorological Department (IMD) issues four colour-coded predictions based on the prevailing weather systems. The green colour indicates no warning, yellow is to keep a watch, orange is to stay alert, while red means a warning and that action needs to be taken. The IMD issued a heavy rainfall alert for the state on Wednesday and the next two days. The IMD has issued a 'red alert' for south Konkan, Goa and south central Maharashtra from July 6-8. It said heavy to very heavy rainfall is very likely at a few places with extremely heavy rainfall at isolated places during this period. It issued an 'orange alert' for north Konkan. For north central Maharashtra, east Vidarbha and west Vidarbha, the IMD issued a 'yellow alert' for Wednesday and orange for Thursday and Friday. There was a 'yellow alert' for the Marathwada region, forecasting heavy rainfall on Wednesday and the next two days.
 Landslides: The state capital Mumbai continued to witness heavy downpour for the third consecutive day, resulting in a landslide near a chawl, water-logging at many places and traffic disruptions. Three persons including a minor boy were injured after a portion of a hill crashed on the two-storey Narayan Hadke Chawl (tenement) in Chunabhatti area around 10.30 am. A landslide also occurred on a road leading to the Pratapgad Fort in western Maharashtra's Satara district on Wednesday following heavy rains. There was no report of any casualty and no one was trapped in the debris, the Public Works Department said. 
 Waterlogging: Mumbaikars continued to face hardship due to flooding on roads. A citizen in a tweet said they now need a boat to commute, instead of a car. In the 24-hour period ending at 8 am on Wednesday, the island city (south Mumbai) received an average 107 mm rainfall, while the eastern and western suburbs recorded 172 mm and 152 mm downpour, respectively. While lakes in the city were filling up because of the incessant rains, there was no end to woes of the general public as many low-lying places like Hindmata, and areas in Dadar and Sion, including the Gandhi Market and road number 24 in Sion, were inundated, forcing pedestrians to wade through the water and making it difficult for motorists to commute. BEST Undertaking's bus services were diverted on two dozen routes at six locations. On Tuesday, heavy showers in Mumbai and its adjoining areas caused water-logging at a number of places, including railway tracks, which had led to train delays and affected vehicular movement on roads.
 Floods in Karnataka
 Heavy rains disrupted normal life in coastal areas and Malnad region of Karnataka this week, causing immense damage to residential houses, buildings, electric poles, and properties in affected areas like Kodagu where a swell in rivers due to the downpour had led to the inundation of agricultural fields and low lying areas.
 Chief Minister Basavaraj Bommai on Wednesday said rescue works have been taken up on priority and directions have been issued to take up relief work immediately. Teams of SDRF and NDRF  have been deployed to take up rescue works.
 The district administrations of Dakshina Kannada (DK) and Udupi have declared holiday for all educational institutions on Wednesday in view of continuing rains in the coastal region.
 Lightning deaths in Rajasthan
 Three people were killed in two separate incidents after being struck by lightning in Bundi district, as per officials on Wednesday as monsoons continued to advance in the state. Several parts of Rajasthan received heavy rain since Tuesday as the monsoon slowly gained momentum over the state. According to the meteorological centre in Jaipur, very heavy rain has been recorded in some parts of Banswara, Dungarpur, Udaipur and Jhalawar districts. Sajjangarh and Banswara both recorded the highest rainfall of 109 mm while Barmer gauged 51.5 mm of rain.
 Moderate to heavy rains will continue in parts of Kota, Udaipur and Jodhpur divisions on Wednesday, the weather department said. From July 7 to 10, a spell of rain will start in the northern parts of the state as well, including Bharatpur, Jaipur, Bikaner, and Ajmer divisions.
 Due to the formation of another new low-pressure area in the Bay of Bengal from July 12-13, the rain activities in the state are expected to continue in the coming week as well.
 Crop Failure Due To Low Rain In West Bengal
 While other states in north and south western India drowned in excess rain, the eastern state of West Bengal has so far received less than its expected share of rain, sending farmers in a tizzy. Since the onset of monsoon in June, the state has received deficient rainfall in 15 of its 23 districts, raising the likelihood of crop loss in some places. Steps are being taken by the irrigation department to avert any crisis that may arise due to insufficient rainfall, they said. According to State irrigation minister Soumen Mohapatra, there is a possibility that paddy and vegetable cultivation might get affected in some districts including Malda, Birbhum and Murshidabad owing to insufficient rainfall so far. South Bengal districts are likely to receive "below normal" rainfall in July as well due to the late entry of monsoons in West Bengal this year.
 (With inputs from PTI) 
 Read all the latest breaking news on Outlook India and stay updated with top stories from India , Entertainment , Education , and around the world .
 Tags
 Climate Change 
 Himachal Pradesh 
 Karnataka 
 Maharashtra 
 Weather 
 Landslide 
 Cloudburst 
 Monsoon 
 Click/Scan to Subscribe
 Previous Story 
 Air India Phuket-Delhi Flight: Pilot Tests ‘Non-negative’ For Psychoactive Substance, AAIB Flags Concern
 Next Story Ganga Breaches Highest Flood Mark At Patna's Gandhi Ghat Amid Heavy Rainfall
   Close Ad   
 Add as a preferred source on Google 
 RELATED STORIES
 Ganga Breaches Highest Flood Mark At Patna's Gandhi Ghat Amid Heavy Rainfall
 Saharanpur Mosque Razed: Iqra Hasan Under House Arrest? Akhilesh Yadav Posts Cryptic Message
 Rahul Gandhi To Expand “Chhatron Ki Goonj” Campaign, Set To Hold 28 Events In First Phase
 On Teachers’ Day, PM Modi Flags Students’ Screen Time, Drug Use And Urges Teacher Vigilance
 Advertisement
 More From the author
 Ganga Breaches Highest Flood Mark At Patna's Gandhi Ghat Amid Heavy Rainfall
 Xi Jinping Plans Large Chinese CEO Delegation For Trump Summit In Washington
 Saharanpur Mosque Razed: Iqra Hasan Under House Arrest? Akhilesh Yadav Posts Cryptic Message
 Rahul Gandhi To Expand “Chhatron Ki Goonj” Campaign, Set To Hold 28 Events In First Phase
 On Teachers’ Day, PM Modi Flags Students’ Screen Time, Drug Use And Urges Teacher Vigilance
 Advertisement
 Watch
 WATCH | 80-Year-Old War Hero Walks 50km to Offer Service Again After Pahalgam Attack
 Video | Ground Report: Evictions in Assam Ahead of Polls | Voices from Kamrup
 Video | Liberation Or Violation? The Legal & Moral Questions Behind The US-Israel Strike On Iran
 Video | ‘Fight for Justice Is Not Yet Over’ | Epstein Survivor Marina Lacerda Speaks to Outlook
 Advertisement
 Photos
 US Open 2026: Carlos Alcaraz Repels Wu Yibing Challenge To Storm Into Fourth Round
 US Open 2026: Aryna Sabalenka Cruises Past Kamilla Rakhimova To Extend Winning Streak
 In Photos | Remembering Mother Teresa on Her Death Anniversary And A Life Dedicated To Service
 Day In Pics: September 04, 2026
 Advertisement
 ×
 Latest Sports News
 BCCI On Its Own? IOA Draws The Line Over Cricketers’ Asian Games Accommodation
 Why Were Rizwan, Imam And Agha Axed? PCB’s Decision Has A New Twist
 Suresh Raina Slams IPL Impact Player Rule, Says Fit Players Just Bat And Sit
 Women's Asia Cup 2026: Pakistan Opener Ayesha Zafar Downplays India Clash as Just Another Game Ahead of Dubai Showdown
 Trending Stories
 Raghav Chadha’s Name Missing From Punjab Draft Roll: How SIR Deletions Work
 Day In Pics: September 04, 2026
 Punjab SIR Row: After Raghav Chadha, Congress MP Dharamvira Gandhi's Name Missing From Draft Roll
 What Is Vidya Bharati Mission? Why Suvendu Adhikari Wants Over 1,000 RSS Schools In Bengal
 Latest Stories
 UN Backs Africa’s Push To ‘Correct The Map’, Urges Use Of More Accurate World Map
 HBO's Harry Potter Series Confirms Season 2 Casting For Tom Riddle, Ginny Weasley and Dobby
 Mirzapur The Movie Box Office Day 1: Pankaj Tripathi Film Opens To ₹25 Crore
 Richard O'Sullivan Dies At 82: Man About The House Star And British TV Icon Remembered
 Accounts
 Subscription 
 Buy Latest Issue 
 We care about your data in our privacy policy .
 SUBSCRIBE / BUY LATEST ISSUE 
 Copyright © 2026 Outlook Publishing India Pvt. Ltd.
 About Us Contact Us Copyright & Disclaimer Compliance Extract of Annual Return Extract of Form 5A 
 Copyright © 2026 Outlook Publishing India Pvt. Ltd.
 