 
 Mumbai rains LIVE: Two men drown in SUV in waterlogged underpass in Malad, toll rises to 24 
 Become A Member 
 Gift Membership 
 Gift Membership 
 Gift Membership 
 Sign In 
 Become A Member 
 Home
 Common Ground
 The Latest
 Members-Only
 Video
 Eco India
 The Reel
 Magazine
 Trending
 Trending 
 Donations to six Gujarat-based parties exceeded those to national parties except BJP, reports BBC
 Scroll Staff 
 ‘Laugh With Me’: Ruskin Bond offers poignant, humorous anecdotes about his writing career
 Chintan Girish Modi 
 Rush Hour: Satyendar Jain gets bail, Raghav Chadha claims name deleted in Punjab SIR and more
 Scroll Staff 
 ‘The Magic Faraway Tree’ review: An enchanting adaptation of the Enid Blyton stories
 Scroll Staff 
 More Indian students are abandoning higher education as degrees no longer seem worth the cost
 Milind Murugkar 
 Why Bangladesh should not join the Mecca Pact just to appease Pakistan or send a signal to India
 Jannatul Naym Pieal 
 Maafi, Kafi, Anchahi: The unwanted daughters in Haryana’s voter rolls
 Samiksha 
 United Nations adopts new map showing Africa larger
 Scroll Staff 
 Rajasthan HC acting chief justice claims allegations that he misused his office are ‘baseless’
 Scroll Staff 
 ‘Mirzapur the Movie’ review: Big-screen version of the web series stands on its own bloodied feet
 Nandini Ramnath 
 Bengal wants to open 1,000 RSS-run schools in a year, says CM Suvendu Adhikari
 Scroll Staff 
 A new book shows that in 1881, the Mysore Representative Assembly was already pursuing self-rule
 Chandan Gowda 
 We Need Your Help 
 Scroll has produced
 award-winning journalism
 despite threats, falling ad
 revenues and rising costs.
 Support our work. Become a
 member today. 
 Become A Member 
 More
 More 
 Politics 
 Culture
 India
 World
 Film and TV
 Music
 Books and Ideas
 Business and Economy
 Health
 Education
 Climate and Environment
 Newsletters 
 The Daily Brief
 Now Watching By The Reel
 Read on the Go 
 Get updates 
 Please Don't Look Away 
 AI is hollowing out independent media, stealing our readership and revenue. Only you can stop this bleeding. Support our work. Join Scroll today! 
 Become A Member 
 Newsletters 
 The Daily Brief 
 Now Watching 
 Ad 
 OTHERS ARE 
 Reading
 1 
 Donations to six Gujarat-based parties exceeded those to national parties except BJP, reports BBC
 2 
 ‘Laugh With Me’: Ruskin Bond offers poignant, humorous anecdotes about his writing career
 3 
 Rush Hour: Satyendar Jain gets bail, Raghav Chadha claims name deleted in Punjab SIR and more
 4 
 ‘The Magic Faraway Tree’ review: An enchanting adaptation of the Enid Blyton stories
 5 
 More Indian students are abandoning higher education as degrees no longer seem worth the cost
 6 
 Why Bangladesh should not join the Mecca Pact just to appease Pakistan or send a signal to India
 7 
 Maafi, Kafi, Anchahi: The unwanted daughters in Haryana’s voter rolls
 8 
 United Nations adopts new map showing Africa larger
 9 
 Rajasthan HC acting chief justice claims allegations that he misused his office are ‘baseless’
 10 
 ‘Mirzapur the Movie’ review: Big-screen version of the web series stands on its own bloodied feet
 Heavy Rain
 Mumbai rain: 24 die as heavy downpour paralyses city
 Around 203 flights have been cancelled.
 Scroll Staff 
 Jul 02, 2019 · 07:52 am
 Updated Jul 02, 2019 · 10:37 pm
 Share 
 Share on Facebook 
 Share on X 
 Share on LinkedIn 
 Share on BlueSky 
 Share on Threads 
 Share on Reddit 
 Copy Link 
 Email 
 Print 
 Add Scroll on Google 
 iOS App 
 Android App 
 People wade through a waterlogged street in Mumbai's Ghatkopar area on Tuesday.
 |
 PTI
 Heavy overnight rain in Mumbai and neighbouring areas killed at least 24 people on Tuesday, and injured at least 10 people. Two men drowned in their car in a subway in Malad after their car’s doors got stuck. Train services were again curtailed early on Tuesday following heavy downpour. The Maharashtra government declared a holiday for all schools and colleges in the state.
 In Pune, six labourers died and three were injured after a wall collapsed in Ambegaon area on Monday night. A wall collapsed in Kalyan in Thane district early on Tuesday killing three people.
 Around 203 flights have been cancelled in Mumbai due to the heavy downpour. The main runway of the airport is likely to be operational only by Thursday.
 10.30 pm: Around 203 flights have been cancelled in Mumbai due to the heavy downpour, reports PTI. “A total of 203 flights were cancelled at the Mumbai airport due to inclement weather and non-availability of the main runway for operations,” says an airport official. 
 8.59 pm: Seventy domestic flights scheduled to arrive in Mumbai and 81 domestic departures from the city have been cancelled, ANI quotes Mumbai International Airport as saying. 
 7.48 pm: A security guard in Mumbai’s Mulund area died after a compound wall collapsed on him late on Monday night, reports The Indian Express . According to News18, the incident occurred in Madella town society . The watchman was identified as Gambhir Kari Singh. The toll in rain-related incidents has gone up to 24.
 6.57 pm: A 52-year-old woman has died in a lightning strike in Bhendevad village in Maharashtra’s Buldhana district, reports News18. Three people have been injured in the incident.
 6.50 pm: Central Railway has uploaded a list of trains that have been rescheduled, cancelled or partially cancelled because of heavy rainfall in Mumbai.
 Sunil Udasi, Chief Public Relations Officer, Central Railway: Due to very heavy rains in Mumbai area, the following trains are rescheduled /cancelled/partially cancelled. pic.twitter.com/DO9YrCAxEd 
— ANI (@ANI) July 2, 2019 
 6.48 pm: A number of buses run by the Brihanmumbai Electric Supply and Transport, or BEST , are stranded across the city because of waterlogging, reports The Indian Express . Almost 179 buses have broken down. Seventy four of those buses have been removed from the road.
 6.40 pm: The main runway of Mumbai airport is likely to remain closed till Thursday, reports PTI. The runway was closed after SpiceJet plane overshot the runway on Monday. 
 5.32 pm: The National Disaster Response Force is conducting rescue operations in Pune’s Ambegaon area, where a wall collapsed on labourers earlier in the day, killing six of them. Local residents and a fire brigade team rescued nine of the 15 people trapped under the debris.
 Read more: 
 Pune: Six labourers killed as another wall collapses due to heavy rain 
 5.22 pm: Mumbai’s Additional Municipal Commissioner Ashwini Joshi says waterlogging has receded. “Western Railway functioning normally,” News18 quotes him as saying. “Mumbai witnessed 4.92 metres high tide at 11.30 am. That is why we could not pump out water on the central line. Moreover, 53 flooding spots were identified last night. We did not notice any waterlogging due to metro digging work.”
 5.17 pm: Maharashtra Congess President Ashok Chavan has asked the Shiv Sena, which runs the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation, to apologise to the city’s residents for “submerging” the city, reports the Hindustan Times. 
 5.03 pm: The toll in the Malad wall collapse has risen to 21, PTI quotes an unidentified civic body official as saying.
 4.46 pm: Two men stuck in their car at Malad Subway drowned late on Monday night, reports Mumbai Mirror . According to NDTV, 37-year-old Irfan Khan, and Gulshad Shaikh, 38, were returning home when they drove their SUV to the subway , failing to gauge the depth of the water. As water entered the vehicle’s engine, its automatic doors reportedly got jammed and the men could not get out.
 4.33 pm: Central Railway official Sunil Udasi tells ANI that trains were operated last night despite forecast of heavy rains and high tides “so office goers could reach their homes safely”.
 Sunil Udasi, CPRO, Central Railway on #MumbaiRain : Despite forecast of heavy rains & high tides we ran services last night, so office goers could reach their homes safely. Kurla-Thane belt saw unprecedented rain of 183 mm within 3 hours which caused some water logging. pic.twitter.com/JxIC8yrwF3 
— ANI (@ANI) July 2, 2019 
 4.30 pm: A 15-year-old girl stuck under the debris of a wall that collapsed in Pimpripada area of Malad East is feared dead, reports the Hindustan Times . Her mother’s body has been recovered while another minor has been rescued alive.
 4.21 pm: Congress leader Sanjay Nirupam alleges that people injured in the Malad wall collapse are not being treated properly by the staff at trauma care centre in the city’s Jogeshwari locality, and their relatives are being told to pay for medicines.
 Dear @mybmc , More than 60 people seriously injured in #MaladWallCollapse last night are getting treatment in Trauma Center Jogesgwari.I am getting feedback from there that hospital staffs are not treating them properly & asking money from them for medicines & all. Pl look into it
— Sanjay Nirupam (@sanjaynirupam) July 2, 2019 
 3.33 pm: Four teams of the National Disaster Response Force have been moved from Pune to Mumbai, reports The Indian Express . These teams will be stationed at Andheri sports complex.
 3.31 pm: Congress spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala criticises the state government for the death of 18 people in Mumbai because of the rain. 
 “Drunk with arrogance of power, an incompetent and corrupt Shiv Sena-BJP alliance leaves Mumbai to lurch in this flood season, year after year for 25 years,” he tweets. “Eighteen people died in Mumbai and crumbling infrastructure is for everyone to see. Will SS-BJP own responsibility for this mess, ever?”
 Drunk with arrogance of power, an incompetent & corrupt Shiv Sena-BJP alliance leaves Mumbai to lurch in this flood season, year after year for 25 years! 
18 people died in Mumbai and crumbling infra is for everyone to see!
Will SS-BJP own responsibility for this mess, ever?
— Randeep Singh Surjewala (@rssurjewala) July 2, 2019 
 3.28 pm: Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis says the government wil provide assistance to the people killed in rain-related incidents in Pune and Kalyan. “IMD has given heavy rainfall warning for Vidarbha and Marathwada in coming days,” he adds. “I have instructed local administration to be alert and take all the necessary precautions.” 
 6 died in Pune incident & 3 in Kalyan.
Government will give assistance to their families too.
IMD has given heavy rainfall warning for Vidarbha & Marathwada in coming days.
I’ve instructed local administration to be alert & take all the necessary precautions: CM @Dev_Fadnavis 
— CMO Maharashtra (@CMOMaharashtra) July 2, 2019 
 3.23 pm: A python , estimated to be five to six feet in length, is stuck in a nullah wall in Thane’s Lokmanya Nagar area, reports the Hindustan Times . A few snake rescuers, local residents, forest and fire brigade team have been trying to rescue the snake since 7 am. According to local residents, the python may have been washed away from the National Park mountain. 
 2.51 pm: Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis advises citizens to remain alert for the next two days. He says the BMC and Mumbai Police are working continuously to provide assistance to citizens.
 BMC & @MumbaiPolice on continuous alert & working 24x7 to give all assistance to #Mumbaikars .
As a precautionary measure & IMD advisory on heavy rains we declared holiday.
We need to remain alert for next 2 days. 
My interaction with media on #MumbaiRains https://t.co/fFx5nYwyLu pic.twitter.com/LJLDMzPYq3 
— Devendra Fadnavis (@Dev_Fadnavis) July 2, 2019 
 2.47 pm: Rescue operations are under way to pull out a woman and 
 The Indian Express reports. The girl is reportedly motionless and attempts are being made to revive her. 
 2.35 pm: Nationalist Congress Party spokesperson Nawab Malik tweets photos of his flooded house, tagging Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, Shiv Sena and the Chief Minister’s Office.
 My home @uddhavthackeray @ShivSena @CMOMaharashtra @MCGM_BMC 
Karun dakhavla @MumbaiNCP @NCPspeaks #MumbaiRainsLive #MumbaiRains pic.twitter.com/372GbptoPQ 
— Nawab Malik (@nawabmalikncp) July 1, 2019 
 2.26 pm: Deputy director general of IMD Mumbai says heavy to very heavy rainfall is expected in Thane and Palghar today, reports ANI . The situation in Mumbai will improve on Tuesday afternoon, he says.
 2.17 pm: The Met department forecasts heavy to very heavy rainfall in Mumbai, suburbs, Vidarbha and Marathwada in the next 48 hours, reports ANI . Tourists are advised not to visit hill stations since heavy rainfall is expected in parts of Maharashtra.
 2.14 pm: Three die, one injured after a water tanker collapses in Satpur area of Nashik, reports ANI. Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis says that the incident will be investigated and action will be taken against those responsible.
 2.07 pm: Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis says six people died in Pune in a wall collapse incident and four were injured, reports ANI . Fadnavis says they are from Jharkhand and Madhya Pradesh. “We’ve ordered a probe in this matter,” he says in the state Assembly. “The wall was old and collapsed as a tree fell on it.”
 1.51 pm: Sixteen flights are delayed and four flights are cancelled at the Delhi airport due to rains in Mumbai, reports ANI .
 1.33 pm: Water enters Sakinaka police station in Mumbai, reports ANI.
 #WATCH Maharashtra: Water enters Sakinaka Police Station in Mumbai. Several parts in the state are facing waterlogging and flooding due to heavy rainfall. #MumbaiRain pic.twitter.com/GwuTwGJEpH 
— ANI (@ANI) July 2, 2019 
 1.29 pm: Two men die after a car submerges in flood water in Malad, reports The Indian Express . The car was stuck on a flooded road near a subway and its door jammed, trapping the two men inside.
 1.23 pm: Personnel of the fire department and medical teams conduct rescue operations at a flooded site in Navghar Mithagar, reports ANI.
 #MumbaiRains : Fire Dept & Medical Health teams are conducting rescue operation at the flooded site in Navghar Mithagar. One person rescued&transferred to DM Petit Hospital. Medical team also visited other flood struck areas,assessed houses and searched for other stranded people. pic.twitter.com/THy0JjbQM0 
— ANI (@ANI) July 2, 2019 
 1.16 pm: Divisional railway manager of the Mumbai division tweets help desk numbers for passenger enquiry.
 These are corrected help desk numbers for Passenger enquiry due to heavy rainfall. @WesternRly pic.twitter.com/gIJTR0Habg 
— DRM WR MumbaiCentral (@drmbct) July 2, 2019 
 1.13 pm: Rescue workers continue to try and save a 10-year-old girl trapped in debris after a wall collapsed in Pimpripada in Malad East, reports PTI. “Shortly after the wall collapsed, we rescued a child from underneath the debris,” a rescue worker said. “This girl Sanchita has been crying for help since 2 am.”
 1.09 pm: Powai lake overflows as the region registers 402 mm rainfall in last 24 hours, Hindustan Times reports.
 1.07 pm: The Met department records 137.88 mm and 375.2 mm rainfall at Colaba and Santacruz in 24 hours ending 8.30 am on Tuesday, reports The Indian Express . The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation’s weather apparatus at the Dindoshi fire station records 479.56 mm rain in 24 hours ending 8 am Tuesday.
 12.43 pm: Mumbai airport authorities say it could take up to 48 hours to re-open the main runway at the airport, which was closed after an aircraft overshot the runway, reports NDTV . The alternative runway at the airport is functional.
 12.40 pm: Mumbai International Airport Limited spokesperson says a 150 m long ramp is being built to push an aircraft that overshot the runway off the grass. A SpiceJet aircraft had overshot the runway on Monday around 11.45 pm. None of the passengers were injured in the accident.
 Mumbai International Airport Limited (MIAL) Spox: A 150 m length of ramp is being prepared to push an aircraft out of the grassy area. Air India's disabled aircraft recovery kit has been mobilised.
SpiceJet SG 6237 overshot runway at Mumbai Airport today. All passengers were safe pic.twitter.com/M9fvLATacU 
— ANI (@ANI) July 2, 2019 
 12.26 pm: Western Railway spokesperson says there is no disruption on the line, reports ANI . Trains are running between Churchgate and Virar. The spokesperson says water level has come down on all four lines at Nallasopara. “Trains are running with some delay due to low visibility in section due to heavy rains,” the spokesperson says.
 Central Railway Chief Public Relations Officer Sunil Udasi says one train was cancelled and seven short terminated on Tuesday due to very heavy rains in Mumbai area, reports ANI .
 12.09 pm: Andheri subway in Mumbai closed due to flooding, reports ANI.
 #WATCH Maharashtra: Andheri Subway in Mumbai is closed due to flooding in the area. #MumbaiRains pic.twitter.com/9J4hNyzQTn 
— ANI (@ANI) July 2, 2019 
 11.59 am: The Thane Municipal Transport arranges extra buses to ferry passengers up to Mulund check naka, reports ANI. Thane municipal commissioner ordered extra buses after local train services were stopped between Kurla and Thane.
 11.57 am: Shiv Sena leader Sanjay Raut says the wall collapse incident in Malad was an accident, reports ANI. “It’s not BMC’s failure,” he says. “It is because of heavy rainfall. There are several illegal constructions in Mumbai and BMC has nothing to do with it.”
 11.43 am: Fadnavis says high tide is expected at 12 noon. “Last night, Mumbai police received 1,600-1,700 tweets from people, they received immediate help,” says the chief minister, according to ANI . He says heavy rainfall is expected over the next two days and the government is prepared for it.
 11.40 am: Fadnavis says 13 people were killed in Malad wall collapse incident and at least 40 people were injured, reports ANI. “Local trains operational on Western line but yet to resume on Central line as there’s more flooding there,” he says. He says work is under way to pump out the water.
 11:33 am: Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis visits people injured in the Malad wall collapse incident, reports ANI. 
 Mumbai: CM Devendra Fadnavis visits Shatabdi Hospital to meet the people injured in #Malad wall collapse incident today, Minister Yogesh Sagar also present. 18 people died and at least 13 were injured in the incident. #Maharashtra pic.twitter.com/IF13wzibdB 
— ANI (@ANI) July 2, 2019 
 11.31 am: Five people die in Thane and Palghar in rain-related incidents, PTI reported. Three people died, including a toddler, after a wall collapsed at an Urdu school near Durgai Fort in Kalyan.
 In another incident, a car with three occupants fell into the Chenna Creek between Thane and Bhayander. Fire brigade personnel from Balkum managed to rescue the three people from the submerged car.
 11.21 am: Mumbai International Airport Limited spokesperson says the main runway at the airport is closed, but the alternative runway is functional, reports ANI . Flights are delayed or being diverted to other airports.
 10.45 am: Flights from Kannur are being diverted to Bengaluru as the Bengaluru to Mumbai services are normal, according to ANI.
 Kannur International Airport (KIAL) Spokesperson: Some Mumbai bound flights are diverted to Bengaluru. Operation from Bengaluru to Mumbai is normal.
— ANI (@ANI) July 2, 2019 
 10.18 am: High tides of about 4.59 meters are expected in Mumbai at around 11.52 am, ANI reports. 
 10.14 am: Apart from diversion of 54 flights, 52 flights from the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport have been cancelled, ANI reports. 
 10.09 am: The weather department has sounded a red alert in Mumbai on Tuesday, NDTV reports . Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis has asked citizens to stay indoors.
 10.06 am: The main runway at Mumbai airport will remain closed till 2 pm, Firstpost reports.
 10.02 am: All scheduled exams in colleges affiliated to Mumbai University have been cancelled, Education Minister Vinod Tawde says according to the Hindustan Times . New exam dates will be declared soon.
 9.55 am: At least 16 people have been killed and 80 injured in separate incidents of wall collapse in Mumbai so far, PTI reports. While 16 people were killed in the Malad wall collapse incident, 34 people were hospitalised. Another 51 have been injured in a wall collapse in Kurar village, and they have been taken to Kandivali-based Shatabdi Hospital.
 9.44 am: The last 24 hours have seen Mumbai’s second highest rainfall in a day since 1975, The Times of India reports. The highest was in 2005.
 9.40 am: One woman and a child have been located under the debris of a wall that collapsed in Malad East, Chief Fire Officer Prabhat Rahangdale tells ANI. 
 9.34 am: In the 24 hours until 8.30 am , there was 220.42 mm rainfall in Thane. The Thane regional disaster management cell has received 94 complaints during the period, The Times of India reports.
 9.29 am: The BMC has evacuated around 1,000 people from Kranti Nagar, Kurla, with the help of the NDRF, Navy, fire brigade and local volunteers, as a precaution against any untoward incident, ANI reports . The Indian Navy has deployed several teams to help people stranded in the area. 
 Mumbai: Indian Navy deploys various teams to provide assistance to rain hit and stranded people, in Kurla area following a request by BMC. About 1000 people have been shifted to safety with the help of NDRF, fire brigade, Naval teams as well as local volunteers. #MumbaiRains pic.twitter.com/udYAylTTx0 
— ANI (@ANI) July 2, 2019 
 9.22 am: Local trains are being run at a every 30 minutes between Vasai and Virar as rainwater has receded in Nalasopara, Western Railway says. Trains are running normally between Churchgate and Vasai.
 9.16 am: As many as 54 flights have been diverted to nearby airports due to waterlogging , ANI reports.
 9.10 am: Here are some visuals of waterlogged streets in several parts of Mumbai.
 #MumbaiRains : Waterlogged streets in King Circle area, following heavy rainfall. pic.twitter.com/RnlTFC7Wah 
— ANI (@ANI) July 2, 2019 
 #MumbaiRains : Ground floor of Kailash Parbat Society in Kurla East submerged, after intense spell of rain in the area. pic.twitter.com/x8xFtwxAt8 
— ANI (@ANI) July 2, 2019 
 #MumbaiRains : Railway tracks submerge at Sion railway station, after heavy rains in the area. pic.twitter.com/BxqWp30ENU 
— ANI (@ANI) July 2, 2019 
 #Maharashtra : Stranded passengers at Thane railway station are being served with refreshments by Railway Protection Force (RPF), after several suburban train movements got suspended today due to heavy rains. pic.twitter.com/H3PxVG8Z0Y 
— ANI (@ANI) July 2, 2019 
 #Maharashtra : Water logging inside Vakola police station in Mumbai following heavy rainfall in the city. #MumbaiRains pic.twitter.com/ekL16lSyYq 
— ANI (@ANI) July 2, 2019 
 9 am: The Bombay Stock Exchange will function normally, its CEO Ashish Kumar Chouhan tells ANI.
 BSE CEO Ashish Kumar Chouhan to ANI: No holiday in Bombay Stock Exchange, BSE will function normally today. https://t.co/15sv97Tuve 
— ANI (@ANI) July 2, 2019 
 8.58 am: At least six construction workers have been killed and three injured after the compound wall of the Sinhagad College campus in Pune collapsed on their shanties on Tuesday, The Hindu reports. Rescue operations are underway. 
 8.45 am: “Our team of National Disaster Response Force along with sniffer dog reached the site of the incident immediately after receiving the information,” an NDRF official says, according to PTI. “Besides, a team of fire brigade and local police also reached the spot and took the control of the situation.” He says that 10 people who were injured have been shifted to hospitals in Jogeshwari and Kandivali suburbs. 
 8.37 am: “Pained to know about the loss of lives in Malad Wall Collapse incidence,” Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis tweets . “My thoughts are with families who lost loved ones [and] prayers for speedy recovery of injured. Rs 5 lakh will be given to the kin of deceased.” 
 8.30 am: At least 16 people have been killed overnight on Tuesday in rain-related incidents as heavy rain continued in Mumbai and neighbouring districts, NDTV reports . Thirteen people were killed and four critically injured after a compound wall crashed in Malad East.
 Mumbai: 13 dead after a wall collapsed on hutments in Pimpripada area of Malad East due to heavy rainfall today.NDRF Inspector Rajendra Patil says "In the search by advance equipment, canine search&physical search no more bodies were found so search operation is now being closed" pic.twitter.com/ACQl4mSF9v 
— ANI (@ANI) July 2, 2019 
 8.20 am: At least three people, including a three-year-old boy, die after the wall of a school crashes on two houses in Kalyan. 
 8.08 am: The Maharashtra government has declared a public holiday in Mumbai on Tuesday. All schools and colleges will remain closed. “Due to heavy rain forecast in Mumbai even today by IMD, People are advised to stay indoors unless there is any emergency,” the Chief Minister’s Office tweets . 
 8 am: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation says that all train movement on Central Railway, Western Railway and the Harbour Line have been stopped. However, Central Railway says early on Tuesday morning that trains would run between Chhattrapati Shivaji Maharaj Terminus and Bandra on the Harbour Line, Vashi to Panvel on Harbour line, Thane-Vashi-Panvel on Trans-Harbour line and Thane to Kalyan/Khopoli on the Central Line. 
 7.49 am: The Central Railway says it evacuated passengers who got stuck in trains with the help of the Railway Protection Force. “It’s nature’s fury... Moving trains in such rains in Kurla Thane section is safety hazard at this point of time... Suburban Train movement has been suspended till further advice,” the Central Railway tweeted early on Tuesday. “Inconvenience is deeply regretted.” 
 7.37 am: The Western Express Highway, which leads to the Mumbai airport, was flooded, making it difficult to travel to the airport. A SpiceJet plane from Jaipur also overshoots the runway while landing in Mumbai late on Monday, but nobody has been injured, NDTV reports. 
 7.28 am: India Meteorological Department Deputy Director (Mumbai) KS Hosalikar says in a 12.30 am bulletin that very intense spells of rain are expected to continue in Mumbai, Thane, Palghar and Raigad districts during the next four hours. “Local forecast issued at night for Mumbai for 24 hrs is now indicating chances of intermittent heavy showers with isolated extremely heavy rainfalls in city and suburbs,” he adds in a tweet . 
 7.19 am: Heavy rains in Mumbai since Sunday night led to disruption of train services and waterlogging on Monday. Road traffic was also disrupted. 
 We welcome your comments at
 letters@scroll.in .
 Mumbai
 rainfall
 Mumbai rains
 Devendra Fadnavis
 Get the app 
 ANDROID 
 iOS 
 Related
 Rain updates: Waterlogging in Delhi, 3,000 LPG cylinders swept away in Maharashtra
 Trending
 Donations to six Gujarat-based parties exceeded those to national parties except BJP, reports BBC
 ‘Laugh With Me’: Ruskin Bond offers poignant, humorous anecdotes about his writing career
 Rush Hour: Satyendar Jain gets bail, Raghav Chadha claims name deleted in Punjab SIR and more
 ‘The Magic Faraway Tree’ review: An enchanting adaptation of the Enid Blyton stories
 More Indian students are abandoning higher education as degrees no longer seem worth the cost
 Ad 
 